logy this is the low end the low drum
part of the logy rhythm from yemen in
yemen they also use bongos but this low
part will be played on more like a
Tambora type drum but when there's only
one drummer is usually 2 or 3
well there's one drummer this would be
the low part of the Lodgy and imagine it
could be on a 2 side of Tambora or a
doumbek but rarely is a doumbek used
it's not a doumbek per se
next I will demonstrate the top part of
the lodging on bongos bongos sometimes
are also held vertically on the need for
a more open sound but I prefer the Cuban
way which is where I started but here's
the top end to complement the previous
low end of the logy this is the lodge of
the next part the low end of the logic
point weaving in and out to the high end
slow it down a bit although it's a very
fast dance temple a two-step feel this
is the party music of Yemen typically
the crescendo of a party would have
songs like this they can last up to 15
minutes usually